 EXT. OPERS Swimming Pool
                                    An overcast night, the moons
                                    light barely cutting through
                                    the clouds.

            Allen Van Gelder is crouched, as a feline, on the tip of the life guard station.
            His nose and ears twitch with predatory ligature.
    
            Suddenly, the sound of a reeling chain and a blink of steel cut from
            Behind AVG. Just as fast as it appeared AVG snags the projectile from the air, holding
            a four pronged harpoon inches from his face, taught chain aching in its wake.
        
                                                AVG
                                       A Sneak attack? against me?
                                        Mackey. I've known you were
                                        there for five minutes.
        
            Mackey whips his chain back to his feet. He stands clear across the pool from Van
            Gelder, show casing his marksmanship.

                                               WM
                                    Worth a shot. I've seen
                                    You hit by less.
            
            AVG Snarls, Revealing a scar on his neck from a previous battle.

                                              AVG
                                    It was a tiny argument,
                                    You just had to take it too
                                    far, Mackey, you always take 
                                    things too far.
            
                                               WM
                                    ALL N-ary trees are BINARY TREES.
    
                                              AVG
                                    No! ...That is CATEGORICALLY wrong.
            
            With that AVG leaps from his pedestal, with the grace of 1000 wu-xia 
            wires.he bolts across the lane dividers in the pool, running with lithe
            nymph-like grace atop the water. Wesley drops his harpoon and starts preparing
            something behind his back.
 
                                             AVG
                                    Just because they BEHAVE the same
                                    way doesn't make them the same thing!

                                            WM
                                    You're about to behave like fucking 
                                    fish food!
    
            Mackey slings a hefty pair of bolas at AVGs ankles, sinking him with the proper
            timing to slam his jaw into the edge of the pool, and save mackey a close
            encounter of the Gelder kinds.

                                            AVG
                                *gurgle* FUCK *gurgle*
            
            Air bubbles rise to the top of the pool, followed by a blossoming red tint.
            Mackey exhales loudly. kissing the golden lambda he keeps on a chain hidden beneath
            his shirt. 

            out of no where, during Mackey's respite, A soaked and bloodied Van Gelder bursts out of the water, rocketing 8 vertical feet.

                                          AVG
                                   Hollow bones! Bitch!

            
                                         WM
                                    Jesus Not again!
            
            Mackey cane checks the half airborne AVG, leaving him in an unconscious heap.
            

                                         WM
                                   You weren't fit to be chancellor
                                    Van Gelder.
 
             Mackey stares longingly into the very moon that once mantled his former colleague
    
                                        WM
                                    And I might not be either,
                                    one way or another, I'll see you
                                    wherever folks like us end up.

         
                                        FADE OUT