      INT. Sewer, dim orange glow interrupts the 
                                    cool green of the ucsc sewer system. 

            Max Dunne turns the corner, holding his torch in his left hand and his trusty axe-handle in his right.
            The crunch of unknown decay giving way under his boots fills the sewer, over it you can hear something
            that sounds like laughing.

                                                    MD
                                    Actually, Fuck this.

            Maxwell dips backwards, three pieces of rebar missing him in quick succesion.
            his tuned reflexes caught sight of the trap just in time.

            Cut to Max's eyes, which are now rendered as a twitching blur, Tossing his torch aside max
            executes a series of somersaults, half-aerials, and back-handsprings that would have landed him
            on the 1980 soviet olympic team. All the while Moulds make-shift guillotines and razor wire
            fire off in a cavalcade of elaborate invention.

                                                    MD
                                    BIG MISTAKE Moulds...
    
            Dead Silence

                                                    MD

                                    Now I know I'm close... actually

            A soft laughter can be heard in the distance. the Screech of speaker feedback fills the tunnel, and we hear 
            Moulds for the first time.

                                                    GM (RADIO)
                                    You don't know anything... Peon of Peons.
                                    I Have designs on you, I have plans that 
                                    won't even be fully realized till i'm long
                                    dead. You think you could match my intellect
                                    with your legendary corpse? think again...
                                   
                                                    MD
                                       I've been in training, Gerlad.


                                                   GM (RADIO)
                                        Where? Chick-fil-a?


                                                   MD
                                        No... Actually.

               Max has been tapping on the walls, apparently searching for something, Another salvo of rebar
                erupts from the nether. another one of Moulds ingenious traps. this time it lands true, striking Dunne in the back. Max collapses.

                                                GM (Radio)
                                        HAH! and the deed is done. You never would
                                        have found me that way, you oaf, you fool
                                        you great churlish baboon. you invertebrate
                                        ,smooth brained, rock monster, fucking... freak.
                                         
                  Max dunne rises slowly from the ground , a manhole cover dropping from the torn remains
                   of his black Jansport backpack. his back fully intact.

                                                MD
                                        Thanks for the tip. 

                    Max Plunges his hand into a pool of sewage next to him, apparently grabbing onto something,
                    he lurches violently. gyrating a lever or switch of some arcane design. The wall Dunne had previously
                    been tapping now begins to raise, revealing the man behind the curtain.
    
                     Moulds is wearing a stained wife beater, he is surrounded by no less than 16 CRT CCTV monitors.
                     Boston baked beans cake his three days worth of beard growth. Hi hair, slick as ever.

                                                GM 
                                        Wait, Dunne, we can talk about this.

                                                MD
                                        NO talking. I've been following your work.
                                        When this whole thing started, Blumenthal didn't 
                                        just go berserk at that goodbye luncheon, you put
                                        LSD in his pepto-bismol. And the convenient lack of 
                                        police? I found a scanner jammer with your name all
                                        over it. This tournament is your doing. this is your
                                        power grab. That's why I came for you first.

                     Moulds smiles, a bean filled smile, and begins to cackle. He begins to dip a piece of 
                     his signature french toast into his open can of beans.
    
                                                 GM
                                        You got me. I've been gunning for chancellor
                                        since i learned how to wipe my ass. But hear me out max.
                                        I think i've got an offer that...
                      
                    Moulds is cut off by max shattering the hefty end of an axe handle on the side of his head.
                    

                                                MD
                                        Five minutes with a mind like yours and you would
                                        have actually talked me into suicide. 

                     Cut to moulds point of view from the floor.
    

                                                GM
                                    Then one more thing before i go. where did you train?

                                                MD
                                     Millers Dojo, in Kathmandu, for it.

                     
                           SMASH CUT TO BLACK, FROM THE BOTTOM OF DUNNE'S BOOT HITTING THE CAMERA                